EN/00-Intro-to-Programming/07-Homework.md, before:

[slide]
# Problem: Print "Hello Python"
[code-task title="Print "Hello Python" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
# Write your code here
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a python program, which:

Prints "Hello Python" on the console
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

[slide]
# Solution: Print "Hello Python"
[code-task title="Print "Hello python" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
print("Hello Python")
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a python program, which:

Prints "Hello Python" on the console
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

[slide]
# Problem: Calculate and Print 5 * 5
[code-task title="Calculate and Print 5 * 5" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
# Write your code here
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a python program, which:

* Calculates the value of 5 * 5

* Prints the result
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

[slide]
# Solution: Calculate and Print 5 * 5
[code-task title="Calculate and Print 5 * 5" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
print(5 * 5)
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a python program, which:

* Calculates the value of 5 * 5
* Prints the result
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

[slide]
# Problem: Name and Expression
[code-task title="Name and Expression" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
# Write your code here
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a program to print your name at the first line and calculate and print the expression 5 + 3 at the second line
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
# Sample Input and Output
|Input|Output|
|-----|------|
||Maria|
||8|
||Peter|
||8|
[/slide]

[slide]
# Solution: Name and Expression
[code-task title="Name and Expression" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
print("Maria")
print(5 + 3)
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a program to print your name at the first line and calculate and print the expression 5 + 3 at the second line
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
# Sample Input and Output
|Input|Output|
|-----|------|
||Maria|
||8|
||Peter|
||8|
[/slide]

[slide]
# Problem: Calculations
[code-task title="Calculations" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
# Write your code here
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a program, which calculates and prints the value of the following expressions:

* 5 + 3 \* 2
* 4 \* (2 + 3)
* (2 + 5)  \*  (8 - 2) \/ 7
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

[slide]
# Solution: Calculations
[code-task title="Calculations" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
print(5 + 3 * 2)
print(4 * (2 + 3))
print((2 + 5) * (8 - 2) / 7)
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a program, which calculates and prints the value of the following expressions:

* 5 + 3 \* 2
* 4 \* (2 + 3)
* (2 + 5)  \*  (8 - 2) \/ 7
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

[slide]
# Problem: Square of 7 * 7 Stars
[code-task title="Square of 7 * 7 Stars" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
# Write your code here
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a program, which:

Prints a square of 7 * 7 stars like this:
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

[slide]
# Solution: Square of 7 * 7 Stars
[code-task title="Square of 7 * 7 Stars" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
print("* * * * * * *")
print("* * * * * * *")
print("* * * * * * *")
print("* * * * * * *")
print("* * * * * * *")
print("* * * * * * *")
print("* * * * * * *")
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a program, which:

Prints a square of 7 * 7 stars like this:
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

Commit message:

add homework slide in 00-Intro-to-Programming/07-Homework.md

EN/00-Intro-to-Programming/07-Homework.md, after:

[slide]
# Homework

Now, it's your turn to practice what you have learned in the training session.

We have prepared some simple problems for you to solve. If you struggle you can see the solution after each problem. 
[/slide]

[slide]
# Problem: Print "Hello Python"
[code-task title="Print "Hello Python" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
# Write your code here
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a python program, which:

Prints "Hello Python" on the console
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

[slide]
# Solution: Print "Hello Python"
[code-task title="Print "Hello python" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
print("Hello Python")
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a python program, which:

Prints "Hello Python" on the console
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

[slide]
# Problem: Calculate and Print 5 * 5
[code-task title="Calculate and Print 5 * 5" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
# Write your code here
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a python program, which:

* Calculates the value of 5 * 5

* Prints the result
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

[slide]
# Solution: Calculate and Print 5 * 5
[code-task title="Calculate and Print 5 * 5" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
print(5 * 5)
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a python program, which:

* Calculates the value of 5 * 5
* Prints the result
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

[slide]
# Problem: Name and Expression
[code-task title="Name and Expression" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
# Write your code here
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a program to print your name at the first line and calculate and print the expression 5 + 3 at the second line
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
# Sample Input and Output
|Input|Output|
|-----|------|
||Maria|
||8|
||Peter|
||8|
[/slide]

[slide]
# Solution: Name and Expression
[code-task title="Name and Expression" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
print("Maria")
print(5 + 3)
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a program to print your name at the first line and calculate and print the expression 5 + 3 at the second line
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
# Sample Input and Output
|Input|Output|
|-----|------|
||Maria|
||8|
||Peter|
||8|
[/slide]

[slide]
# Problem: Calculations
[code-task title="Calculations" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
# Write your code here
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a program, which calculates and prints the value of the following expressions:

* 5 + 3 \* 2
* 4 \* (2 + 3)
* (2 + 5)  \*  (8 - 2) \/ 7
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

[slide]
# Solution: Calculations
[code-task title="Calculations" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
print(5 + 3 * 2)
print(4 * (2 + 3))
print((2 + 5) * (8 - 2) / 7)
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a program, which calculates and prints the value of the following expressions:

* 5 + 3 \* 2
* 4 \* (2 + 3)
* (2 + 5)  \*  (8 - 2) \/ 7
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

[slide]
# Problem: Square of 7 * 7 Stars
[code-task title="Square of 7 * 7 Stars" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
# Write your code here
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a program, which:

Prints a square of 7 * 7 stars like this:
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]

[slide]
# Solution: Square of 7 * 7 Stars
[code-task title="Square of 7 * 7 Stars" executionStrategy="python-code" requiresInput]
[code-editor language=python]
```
print("* * * * * * *")
print("* * * * * * *")
print("* * * * * * *")
print("* * * * * * *")
print("* * * * * * *")
print("* * * * * * *")
print("* * * * * * *")
```
[/code-editor]
[task-description]
Write a program, which:

Prints a square of 7 * 7 stars like this:
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
\* \* \* \* \* \* \*
[/task-description]
[code-io /]
[/code-task]
[/slide]
